Add runbook (#51)
Financial-Times/public-annotations-api: runbooks/runbook.md

# UPP - Public Annotations API

The Public Annotations API is a micro-service which gets all annotations by a content uuid.

## Primary URL

https://upp-prod-delivery-glb.upp.ft.com/__public-annotations-api/

## Service Tier

Platinum

## Lifecycle Stage

Production

## Delivered By

content

## Supported By

content

## Known About By

- elitsa.pavlova
- kalin.arsov
- miroslav.gatsanoga
- ivan.nikolov
- marina.chompalova
- donislav.belev
- mihail.mihaylov
- boyko.boykov
- dimitar.terziev

## Host Platform

AWS

## Architecture

> The Public Annotations API returns all annotations for a given uuid of a piece of content in json format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Public Annotations API services reads from Neo4j and returns a JSON object with the all annotations for a given UUID of a piece of content.
```
